explaining merging and error situation (#115)
ESSS/conda-devenv: docs/usage.rst

      DB_LOCATION: https://localhost/dev

Environment variables defined in *list form* (like ``PATH`` and ``PYTHONPATH`` above) will **append** to existing

> variables in a file using the appropriate separator for the platform (``:`` on Linux/OSX and ``;`` on Windows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment variables with the values found in the ``.devenv.yml`` file, using the appropriate separator for the platform (``:`` on Linux/OSX and ``;`` on Windows).
```

Environment variables defined as a single string (like ``DB_LOCATION`` above) will **overwrite** an existing

> variable with the same name in a file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment variable with the value from the ``.devenv.yml`` file.
```

    $ cd ~/projects/web-ui
    $ conda devenv

This will create a ``conda`` environment named ``web-ui`` merging all the dependencies and environment variables
defined in both files.

> However, the same environment variable defined as a single string (like DB_LOCATION above) in both files will raise an error
> unless it is not allowed to 'pass through' using the ``not is_included`` expression above as an example.
> In other words, an 'overwrite' situation is not allowed between files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the same environment variable defined as a single string (like ``DB_LOCATION`` above) in both files will raise an error
unless it is not allowed to 'pass through' using the ``# [not is_included]`` selector above as an example.
In other words, an 'overwrite' situation is not allowed between files.
```

The syntax `# [some_bool_expr]` have been copied from [conda build and they call it preprocessing selectors](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda-build/en/latest/resources/define-metadata.html#preprocessing-selectors) I think we should you the same term. Actually [our docs describe the feature in jinja section](https://conda-devenv.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html#jinja2) but fails to point the origin and I think we should use the same name and add an reference to the conda-build.
